IP Helper Configuration 
Distribution 1
interface vlan 10
ip helper-address 10.2.1.10
exit
interface vlan 20
ip helper-address 10.2.1.10
exit
interface vlan 101
ip helper-address 10.2.1.10
exit
interface vlan 121
ip helper-address 10.2.1.10
exit

Distribution 2
interface vlan 30
ip helper-address 10.2.1.10
exit
interface vlan 40
ip helper-address 10.2.1.10
exit
interface vlan 102
ip helper-address 10.2.1.10
exit
interface vlan 122
ip helper-address 10.2.1.10
exit

Configuring RSTP on All Access & Distribution switches
spanning-tree mode rapid-pvst

Configuring Port-Fast and BPDU Guard:

Access-1-1
interface fa 0/5
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

Access-1-2
interface fa 0/5
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

Access-1-3
interface fa 0/5
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface fa 0/6
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

Access-1-4
interface fa 0/5
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface fa 0/6
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

Access-2-1
interface fa 0/5
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

Access-2-2
interface fa 0/5
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

Access-2-3
interface fa 0/5
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

interface fa 0/6
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable

Access-2-4
interface fa 0/5
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable


interface fa 0/6
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable